Commands
========

The Makefile contains the central entry points for common tasks related to this project.

Syncing data to S3
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* `make sync_data_to_s3` will use `aws s3 sync` to recursively sync files in `data/` up to `s3://This project aims to develop a deep learning-based plant disease detection system that can identify and classify various plant diseases from images of plant leaves and stems. The system will use a convolutional neural network (CNN) as the main model, which can learn high-level features from the image data and perform classification tasks. The project will also explore different network architectures, data augmentation techniques, and hyperparameter optimization methods to improve the performance and generalization of the model. The project will use a public dataset of 54,306 images of diseased and healthy plant leaves collected under controlled conditions1, as well as other datasets from different sources and environments. The project will evaluate the model’s accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score on a held-out test set, and compare it with existing methods and baselines. The project will also discuss the challenges and limitations of the proposed system, and suggest possible future directions and applications./data/`.
* `make sync_data_from_s3` will use `aws s3 sync` to recursively sync files from `s3://This project aims to develop a deep learning-based plant disease detection system that can identify and classify various plant diseases from images of plant leaves and stems. The system will use a convolutional neural network (CNN) as the main model, which can learn high-level features from the image data and perform classification tasks. The project will also explore different network architectures, data augmentation techniques, and hyperparameter optimization methods to improve the performance and generalization of the model. The project will use a public dataset of 54,306 images of diseased and healthy plant leaves collected under controlled conditions1, as well as other datasets from different sources and environments. The project will evaluate the model’s accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score on a held-out test set, and compare it with existing methods and baselines. The project will also discuss the challenges and limitations of the proposed system, and suggest possible future directions and applications./data/` to `data/`.
